Some functions and classes to resolve memory usage problem (#64)
hpsc-lab/OpenFHE.jl: README.md

x1 rotate by -2 = (4, 5, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 1, 2, 3,  ... ); Estimated precision: 43 bits
```

### Memory issues
OpenFHE is a memory-optimized C++ library, but these optimizations can cause
memory issues when transitioning to Julia.

In OpenFHE, large objects like `Ciphertext`, `Plaintext`, and `CryptoContext` are managed
using `std::shared_ptr`. These objects are not freed until all associated `std::shared_ptr`s

> are destroyed. Although `std::shared_ptr`s are relatively small, Julia's garbage collector
> doesn't always free them automatically. This is because Julia's garbage collector primarily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are destroyed. Since the Julia objects that hold a reference to these shared pointers are relatively small, Julia's garbage collector
does not always free them automatically, as they are not considered a high priority for garbage collection. This is because Julia's garbage collector primarily
```

focuses on "young" objects during its incremental collections, leaving some `std::shared_ptr`s

> in memory even when they are no longer in use. This can result in significant memory consumption,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in memory even when they are no longer in use. This may result in a significant increase in memory consumption over time,
```

as a single `Ciphertext` object can occupy over 60 MB. Consequently, complex operations may lead

> to gigabytes of memory being lost. The solution is to manually trigger Julia's garbage collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to gigabytes of memory being occupied without being freed until the Julia session is terminated.
One possible solution is to manually trigger Julia's garbage collector
```

> to perform a full collection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to perform a full collection, which will also clean up these "small" objects:
```

```julia
GC.gc()
```

Additionally, OpenFHE optimizes memory usage in C++ by storing evaluation keys and `CryptoContext`s
in static objects. These objects, being quite large, remain in memory until the Julia REPL is
closed. To release them while the REPL is still running, you can execute the following functions:
```julia
ClearEvalMultKeys()
ClearEvalSumKeys()
ClearEvalAutomorphismKeys()
ReleaseAllContexts()
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more details, please refer to the documentation for [`ClearEvalMultKeys`](@ref),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this will invalidate all currently existing contexts, even those which are
still in use. Thus you should only call these functions once you are done with a given
FHE setup and want to start a new one.
For more details, please refer to the documentation for [`ClearEvalMultKeys`](@ref),
```

[`ClearEvalSumKeys`](@ref), [`ClearEvalAutomorphismKeys`](@ref), and [`ReleaseAllContexts`](@ref).

By running these commands at appropriate points in your code, you can prevent excessive memory

> usage and ensure efficient memory management when using OpenFHE.jl.

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
Therefore, for a full cleanup of all OpenFHE-occupied memory, first ensure that all variables holding references to OpenFHE objects are out of scope and then execute
```julia
ClearEvalMultKeys()
ClearEvalSumKeys()
ClearEvalAutomorphismKeys()
ReleaseAllContexts()
GC.gc()
```
By running these commands at appropriate points in your code, you can prevent excessive memory
usage and ensure efficient memory management when using OpenFHE.jl.
~~~
